Added the dotnet example (#5)
ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples: DotNet Examples/README.md

SystemLink Enterprise API Examples
==============================

This directory holds self-contained example projects for the
SystemLink Enterprise APIs. 

Running an Example
------------------

Unless otherwise specified by the example's README, each example is run in the
same way:

> 1. Download and extract the [repository source](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-client-docs/archive/master.zip).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repo _or_ download and extract the [repository source](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples/archive/master.zip).
```

2. Install the [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core).
3. Navigate to the example's directory and use the [`dotnet run` command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run?tabs=netcore21).

To run the example with a different configuration, use the following
commands instead:

```
dotnet run -- --server <url> <api_key>
```

For example: `dotnet run -- --server https://my_server api_keymnhvvhbjnkkkj`.

Solution File
-------------

> For convenience, the [NISystemLinkClientExamples.sln](NISystemLinkClientExamples.sln)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, the [NISystemLinkEnterpriseExamples.sln](NISystemLinkEnterpriseExamples.sln)
```
